Stuff yet to be implemented:

DONE - redo the "look" of the login panel

DONE - fix gnuLogo.xpm so it is 400x260

DONE - implement switch to turn animations off (wdmAnimations)

DONE - implement option for NO background setting

DONE - update documentation for new options

DONE - bug - for some reason, the error message does not always display
  (especially if null password is entered) ??

DONE (I hope) - configure bug report from Dalroi

DONE - Dalroi xsession problem

DONE - shell may not be bash and, if bash, may not be in /usr/bin or /bin

FIXED - go! does not work

DONE - fix Xresources .. delete old xlogin stuff

DONE - fiddle with the help panel to make it look better

DONE ? size/alignment of logo and popup buttons

DONE - add the *.in files to the wdm config directory install

DONE - make the rollup more Nextish .. side to side rather than top to bottom.

Release 1:

DONE - update INSTALL to describe all ./configure options

DONE - create multiple Xsession and Xclients scripts for various systems

DONE - fixup .spec for offical release into /usr/X11R6

DONE - add --with-local option

DONE - At i386.rpm install time, run something which updates wdm-config and
  Xclients to reflect the locations of available window managers.  (Make this
  available capability available to the user post install?).  Alternately,
  make "special" Xclients for rhl which uses PATH environment variable
  and does not need to know the full pathname for a window manager.

Release 2:

- need some "hints" for compiling & installing on different systems

- separate program to do configuration for wdm?

- need to reorganize and split Login.c into more than a single file,
  it is getting a bit too big and if chooser code is added, it will
  only get bigger.

- fixup background setting, see if can get rid of crappy default mesh
  ... if we can

- add options for rpm or tarball dist (?? more than the spec file??) ...
  yes, for rpm dist should not include the xdm original source in the
  wdm tarball, rpm can do this.  On ther other hand, the current stuff works.

- make "ping" work (needs some code in xdm/Greet.c) ... ping test if the
  remote system is still alive

- redo chooser in WINGs

- ?? merge in the xsession package (a WINGs version naturally) ??

- enhance Login to support a "chooser option" (need ping first)

- ?? change the "look" of the Login panel ?? to make it more "nextish" (I have
  no idea what this means) ??

- ?? Create a WINGs based program to graphically edit/change/update the
  wdm configuration ??

